
Hey Shraddha I am sorry for what happened. I wont take your much time but please read this all just once. I will be
grateful to you.

I am sorry if I say something that you dont agree with. But this is my experience sharing to you.

Shraddha I have loved you all the time and never I had bad thought all the time. I think you have also felt how much I 
have loved you. To me love was so important towards you that every fight we had I used to settle down and come towards a 
solution to recontinue building our relation. I clearly told you that I have loved you all the time.

Shraddha but cut to entering America, my environment changed my desired started building more when I was in here and I started
thinking more about my desires, I also shared you about that. But like when you feed sugar to ant, more ant comes. I started 
giving more to my desires, thinking more about it and it grew. In the end, it hurt us. I was blinded even when you said 
no (and also it was like blah blah) cause every relation I had seen had that. 

You told last channce last time. I couldnt even promise to you that I will not do it cause tbh I did not know how 
important it was to you. I did not know the gravity of the problem I was creating. Yeah again you may say its too late.
But better late then never right. Guess I am latto k bhoot.  This time I understand and I promise to you that something like 
this will never happen again.


    I also had friends around me who had relationship and when they shared I wanted that too. I destroyed our
    relation because of what others had. But I couldnt realize it until you thought of leaving me.
    I am sorry for throwing burden to
    you. I am realized that and I will not compare myself to anyone.
I failed to understand how important it was to 
you even when you said it me. Right now, my eyes have opened. But you may say its too late. Shraddha I know but I am sorry
you were hurt. Please forgive me and just one time.
    Its been long, I have control over my desires now. I am sorry for you were hurt because of me.

You also said that you didn't want to meet me because I wanted to kiss you and if you said no I would get angry. My face was in anger
state all the time even though I was happy being with you. I am sorry Shraddha but I never realized that. You told me before you were 
uncomfortable with me sometimes, I thought more love more effort,
and I did. But I failed to understand that all you wanted was safety and security. I am sorry.

But I have realized that and I will give securty and safety because you are who is important to me. 

In short, Shraddha I have made mistakes. I have realized where I fcked up. I have changed. I promise never too 
compromise your security and safety. 
I am not gonna beg you to come back in my life, but I am gonna say that if you believe that love is one of the 
strongest energy in this world, if you believe that people can change, and if you had thought of a life with me
I want you to invest in me just once. 

Yours sincerely,
Atal Raj Paudel
with love




